# BlockDocuments

This project [blockdocuments.org](blockdocuments.org) is a Web3 user interface wherein users fill out standard business forms initially with Xumm wallet signing of transactions on the XRP Ledger global blockchain; thereafter generating a PDF of the contract instance with transaction hash links back to the blockchain. The significance is NFTs are running on hopeium that the technology may somehow progress from silly memes to some serious utility.

The present serious utility initiates with a Wyoming Motor Vehicle Bill of Sale, being one of the 16 states requiring a bill of sale. The workflow follows the traditional pattern where the buyer and seller verify the goods, each other's information, and agree on a price. They then sign the document with their Web3 wallets and if all looks good then the buyer transfers the funds same as it ever was.

A working Security Agreement form is also available involving a Lender and Buyer detailing the secured property and terms of the Loan. Except once again to sign the contract, instead of signing and recording by conventional means, Xumm wallet signing of XRPL Escrow transactions simultaneous with transfer of the XRP Loan from Lender to Borrower occurs. Creating the scenario of two parties meeting with legal counsel wherein the Lender creates and funds the escrow and Borrower signs the agreement receiving the Loan with the transaction hash recorded in a PDF download - in about 4 to 5 seconds while everybody and their lawyers are all still sitting around the conference table.

The present direct peer to peer distributed blockchain financing, i.e. DeFi, requires only a computer, phone, and moderate learning curve gradient practice with microtransfers. Hence the project promotes financial inclusion, and unlocking potential for XRP Ledger scaling via the blockdocuments.org frontend operating entirely through the browser via html and javascript hence of lightest weight for increased traffic in the service provider networks. 

Security involves refreshing the screen wiping out all the data, which only temporarily registers in users browsers to generate the PDF downloads.

Hooks amendment ratification by the global XRP Ledger network, in particular the carbon (split-payments) and firewall (spam-blocking) hooks, would establish basis for monetization of the business model via partial payments for the downloads and NFTs. Accordingly Hooks would also establish basis for an employee-owned business plan wherein lowest number of employees receive partial payments in return for success in developing and governing product marketshare.
